(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
They're...
your real parents, Ji An.
(Episode 4)
A long time ago,
25 years ago,
Ji Soo's twin sister died.
We found you on the way back from her grave.
I had no idea your real parents were alive.
We thought that someone abandoned you.
Mom,
what are you talking about? What nonsense...
I couldn't bring myself to tell her. She had no idea.
Even if I told her,
she wouldn't have believed me right away.
And it was easier for me to tell her...
in front of you.
It'd be easier for Ji An to believe me this way.
What are you doing, Mom?
Eun Seok.
Then enjoy your time together.
- Eun Seok. - Eun Seok.
Sit down.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Stop her.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
We should've waited.
Her mother should have talked to her first...
and given her some time.
She must know anyway. That's not important.
Eun Seok needs time to accept it.
Father told us to bring Eun Seok home.
Does he know already?
Of course.
You saw it too.
The way she dresses and eats.
She should never eat first even if she's hungry.
She has a lot to work on.
Shall we get the food heated?
You don't eat cold food.
How could I eat now?
Then let's go home.
Mom.
Why did you leave so early?
They must really want to talk with you.
I...
I have nothing to talk about.
I know you can't believe it.
You probably can't.
But it's true.
How can it be true?
No. It can't be true.
They want to take you back.
It's obvious.
They found their daughter whom we took.
It's right for them to take you,
and you should go too.
Is it true...
that they're my real parents?
You and Dad aren't my real parents?
Do you think...
I can fool them?
They're vice-chairman and wife of Haesung...
where you got fired after working on a contract.
How did this happen?
You're smart. You heard it all.
Can't you remember?
Mom.
Before the family finds out,
make up your mind.
When you do, I'll tell the family.
Don't tell anyone.
Don't ask for opinions. Especially your dad.
He's working hard away from home...
to make 1,500 dollars a month.
How would he feel when he finds out?
What decision are you talking about?
Why do I need to make up my mind?
The people...
you thought as your own parents...
took someone else's lost child, and raised her...
without reporting it.
What would her parents do?
They wouldn't let it go.
Think about it. That will be easier.
Mom. That bus doesn't go home.
I'm meeting Hae Ja.
Mother and Father went out for brunch.
But it's Saturday.
I know.
Last Sunday of every month,
at Hotel Sera.
That's the only day they went out.
General Manager Min.
Is it just the two of them at today's brunch?
No. They went to meet Eun Seok.
They went to meet Eun Seok?
I can't believe it.
They didn't tell us anything about how...
they lost and found her.
Is there a secret or something?
They'll tell us when it's time. Let's eat.
Where were you?
I thought you went out with Mom.
No.
Then where did Mom go?
What's that, Ji Tae?
It's my own recipe of rabokki.
I was starving, but there was nothing to eat.
And Mom told me to cook for myself.
She told me to cook. That's nonsense.
I haven't had this for so long.
Even when Mom made food before she went out,
you always made this for us.
Mom always wanted to be a good mother.
"Ham? No way."
"Ramyeon? Never."
"I'll never allow any instant foods..."
"such as pizza or dumplings."
"This is Mom's own cheonggukjang."
"I made this doenjang myself."
I always had spinach and anchovies.
I'm so sick of jangjorim.
I hated the carrots in her curry the most.
Mom beat me so much...
for making rabokki when she wasn't home.
Right.
Let's eat before it gets soggy.
Oh, my. It's been so long.
What do you think? Does it taste the same?
Yes.
But don't you think this is too much?
Not at all. You eat so much.
I can't believe she doesn't gain any weight.
When I was young, Mom and Dad always said...
Ji Soo eats so well, so I tried to catch up.
Then I got sick.
Still, Dad beat me for it.
Dad went pretty easy on us, but he was...
strict on you because you are the eldest.
Try this, Ji An.
How did you make this? This is so good.
I'll have some snacks.
Did you get a call from Mr. Sun?
No, I didn't get any calls.
Then you should give up.
Hey, don't be so negative.
Act like an older sister.
Don't be like that.
You said Mr. Sun rides a bike.
That means he lives nearby.
Search all interior companies nearby.
There won't be so many Mr. Suns.
You're right.
Why didn't I think of that?
What are you going to do without me, Ji Soo?
You can't live without me, can you?
Hey, you're choking me.
I shouldn't have eaten. My face will swell up.
I'll take digestive medicine.
(Victim)
The number you have dialed is unavailable.
What is she doing?
She rejected my call.
She pressed the reject button.
I wasn't going to make her pay.
Why won't she pick up...
when I'm trying to let it go?
You're home.
Why did you rush out last night?
I had to work on something.
Don't make any scandals.
You should be careful.
We also need to work on Eun Seok now.
Did you two go out to meet Eun Seok?
Yes.
Then tell me.
How did you find her?
And what will you do now?
We found the person who took her because of...
the diamond in her hairpin and abandoned her.
How?
Seo Hyun.
I'm sorry.
What about Eun Seok?
How is she doing?
She worked as a contract employee...
at our company until a little while ago.
At our company?
There are people who raised her,
thinking that she had been abandoned.
She's been living thinking that they're her parents.
They're not well-off, but she graduated university.
What will you do now?
We should bring her.
Did she say she'd live here?
Don't be rude. She'll live here with us, of course.
She only found out today that we're her parents.
It must've been a big shock to her.
She'll be here in a few days, but you need to...
watch what you say until the right time comes.
Someone named Ms. Oh is here to see you.
She said you're expecting her.
Tell her to come in.
The main color should be white.
Let's go with the French modern style.
Sure. What about furniture?
Please get a list ready. We'll go from there.
Ji An.
What's gotten into her? It's past midnight.
Why is she still up?
Hey, I'm doing something very important right now.
That's why I'm not in bed yet, you brat.
Oh, it looks like you thought I'd be sleeping...
and bought food only for Ji An.
I see that it's from a department store!
What is it? You better give it to me.
Not a chance.
It's for Ji An.
For me?
What is it?
Your one and only pair of dress shoes...
is completely worn out, you know.
You got this at a department store?
You don't have money to spend like this.
I've been saving up the pocket money you gave me.
Wear them on your interviews.
Women always have to wear nice shoes and purses.
You know that?
You probably didn't. You didn't know, did you?
You're right. I didn't know.
My, they're gorgeous. Where's mine?
Don't even try.
Have you even given me a dollar?
Forget it. I'll just borrow Ji An's.
By the way, where's Mom? Mi Jung,
Mi Jung, Ms. Yang Mi Jung.
Why, why? Why isn't she home yet?
Where's Mom?
You wench!
What on earth are you wearing?
This world is a scary place. How daring!
Don't you think the light is making me look sexier?
Look at you. I can tell that you know.
You picked up on what I'm about to tell you.
That's right. I've decided not to go to that family.
I've lived here for 25 years, so this is my home.
And you and Dad, whom I've lived with for 25 years,
are my parents.
The same goes for Ji Soo, Ji Ho, and Ji Tae.
They're my siblings and family.
Hence, I've decided not to go.
You want to stay?
Yes.
After being through so much,
you still want to stay?
Why? Why would you do that?
I already told you.
You've always wanted to become a sculptor.
You wanted to go to the art school in Chicago.
That family can send you abroad for your studies.
Go to them, and ask them to send you abroad.
- I can study abroad? - Yes, you can.
You won't have to worry about finding a job.
Right, my birth parents are corporate riches,
so they won't neglect me.
You can get...
financial support from your rich parents.
Is that why you want to stay with us?
Because you'll be at ease even though we're poor?
How can you say it like that?
What if they neglect you?
What if they don't help you if you stay with us?
What will you do then?
Will you be okay? Will you be able to live like now?
I'll be fine.
I've been fine until now.
Have you really been fine?
You got a part-time job right after you got fired.
"I'm struggling." You've basically been protesting,
and even just seeing you has been stressing me out.
And what? You're okay, and you've been fine?
Seeing me has been stressing you out?
Mom, I've been doing my very best not to show it.
You felt like I was protesting?
You're a burden to us.
Let us have one less person to feed.
Mom.
You know our financial situation the best.
You know it better than anyone else.
Was that the reason?
Because I'm not your real daughter?
I had to take out a loan and work part-time...
to pay my tuition fees.
I spent years worrying about finding a job.
But Ji Soo.
She was coddled, even when she did badly in school.
You were fine with her just working part-time.
Was that the reason?
It wasn't intentional,
but it's possible that I favored her unconsciously.
How can it be so easy for you...
to tell me to leave?
Because I have no other choice.
We took you without even reporting to the police.
We stole someone else's daughter.
I'm so scared.
And they happen to own Haesung Corporation.
If someone stole my kid, I wouldn't let it slide.
Are you telling me to go because you're scared?
If you go to them, they'll forgive us.
The rest of our family needs to live too.
The rest...
of our family?
Whether you go or not, I must tell your siblings.
You don't think they'd feel distanced from you?
They won't.
Things can't be like before anymore.
Mom, frankly...
To be honest, I can't even believe it.
I can't say anything because it seems true,
but I can't leave this house.
I don't want to.
So please, Mom.
Let's just live like this, okay?
Mom, please.
That plus 250 dollars equals 6,140 dollars.
I owe Ha Jung 5,000 dollars...
and another 5,000 for the repair. In total, 10,000.
If I subtract 6,140 dollars...
It's 3,860 dollars.
Text me your bank account...
and what I owe you now.
Gosh, I really need to tame my temper.
3,860 dollars...
Hello?
Hey. It's me, Ji An.
I know. You don't need to tell me who you are.
Just tell me when I can expect the money from you.
I can visit the HR team and sign the papers today.
Today?
You'll come to the office today?
Yes, but...
Can I see you briefly? I want to talk to you.
Sure. Then come to my office afterwards.
To your office?
I'll see you later!
Where are you going?
I have an interview for a part-time position.
Hey!
She said she doesn't want to live with us?
You don't need to tell me that, Ms. Yang.
I know that much.
Anyway, all right. I have to go.
She doesn't want to live with us?
(Resume)
You have experience in sales and modeling.
You can converse in English as well.
Arrive by 8am tomorrow for your shift.
Sure, that's no problem. Thank you.
Yes, Choi Do Kyung speaking.
Did you see the news?
Why? Did your company secure an investment?
Kim Jin Seok from Saebom Industries?
("A Corporate Heir Causes...")
("a Scene at a Bar Again")
Your hunch was right.
I'm glad that we kicked him out.
I knew he'd get himself in a mess like that.
You should be relaxed when you have a lot.
Why did he lose it like that? He has no class.
I heard from a reporter who's my drinking buddy...
that they're collecting tips for stories...
of abusive corporate heirs.
Gosh, that'll make us innocent ones suffer.
You're a third-generation corporate heir?
Good for you.
Do Kyung, are you there?
Gi Jae, I have a meeting now. I have to go.
What if that's what she's after?
You're a third-generation corporate heir?
Good for you.
I'll wait until you come,
even if it's all night.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Well...
I apologized to her and told her to call me.
Why isn't she calling me though?
For goodness' sake.
(Haesung Corporation)
They are Haesung Corporation's...
vice-chairman and his wife.
(Name: Seo Ji An)
Your severance pay will be paid tomorrow.
Okay, have a good day.
You did such a horrible job,
and that's why I'm so stressed out.
That's impossible.
I'll explain in person. Meet me at the cafe.
Don't you know how busy we get at month-ends?
I can't leave the office, so just come meet me here.
Hello, everyone!
What brings you here, Ji An?
Oh, Ha Jung said...
there are issues with what I used to work on.
Oh, that.
Ji An, I thought you were meticulous.
What happened?
Ha Jung has been very stressed out.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I'll take a look and find out what the issue is.
Okay. Also, I've actually been meaning to call you.
Let's meet up for a meal soon.
Sure.
What's the problem?
You made this spreadsheet, right?
Yes.
What on earth did you do?
It's a complete mess.
Because of you, our years' worth of data...
got all jumbled up.
What are you talking about?
When I put the numbers per brand in this column,
the yearly average should show in this cell.
But look at this.
I get a minus figure. Does this make sense to you?
Have you been using this file for two years?
Ha Jung.
Take a good look, okay?
(Yearly Sales Goal Per Brand)
Oh, why is it like this?
What do you think?
You misread my spreadsheet.
I made my format horizontal, not vertical.
All other spreadsheets use the vertical format.
Those have to be submitted,
so I followed the Korean file format...
to abide by the company standard.
Then you should've done the same with this one.
Why? I made that file for my personal use.
- What? - I made it...
only for myself to make the work process easier.
I made it to speed up the calculation.
You still had to make it...
in a way that your successor can use it.
If you need a different format,
make a new spreadsheet yourself.
Goodness.
Ha Jung, have you been taking all this time...
because you don't even know how to use Excel?
No, that's not what happened.
I guess I approached it too sensibly.
What is it then?
It wasn't Ji An's fault.
My goodness.
She always did a perfect job with no mistakes.
I thought it was weird.
There's more.
She even makes great coffee.
Totally. Ji An, I miss your coffee.
Can I ask you to make me coffee since you're here?
Of course.
Here you go, sir.
- Oh, thank you. - Thanks a lot, Ji An.
- Here's your coffee. - Thank you.
- Here's yours. - Thanks.
Are you suddenly wondering what you're doing now?
Why are you only making five cups? Where's mine?
Is being servile ingrained in you now?
You were let go. How can you say yes right away...
when being asked to make coffee?
Take this to them. You're the most junior one here.
Give me the money before you throw a tantrum.
And what did you want to talk about? Make it quick.
I'm supposed to give you 5,000 dollars for...
the settlement money and dental expenses, right?
It's 1,000 dollars.
1,000 dollars?
I'll pay you the rest in installments.
I have to pay back someone else first.
You said you'd pay me with your severance pay.
I owe someone else money.
I was really out of it that day, you know.
That's why I forgot about it.
You were let go that day.
You couldn't have planned to spend it elsewhere.
Even if I had gotten the permanent position,
they would've paid me out for the contract position.
I dropped the charges for you.
I can't believe you'll pay me back in installments.
You can sue me for breaking the agreement.
What do you say?
Do you want to get 1,000 dollars every month,
or do you want to sue me?
This is mine, right?
It's hot.
My gosh, this is crazy.
Why? Is something wrong with it?
Does it taste weird?
No, the word, "delicious", isn't enough for this,
but I can't think of any other words.
Goodness, you scared me there for a second.
Organic wheat flour, milk, sun-dried salt,
and unsalted butter. That much I can taste,
but there's something sweet that's not sugar.
I can't figure out what it is.
What is it? Please tell me.
Go sweep the storefront.
Goodness, he didn't fall for it.
My gosh, the numbers keep going up every month.
If I can make return on my investment soon,
you'll become a CEO in no time.
Didn't your company put out...
- a recruitment call? - Yes.
Is the application deadline already over?
No, it ends this week. Why do you ask?
I know someone who's very competent.
(Hyuk)
Hey, Hyuk.
You said Mr. Sun rides a bike.
Yes.
He always came from that direction.
Yes, he always came like that from that way.
Gosh! Wait, Mr. Sun!
Mr. Sun!
That's a relief.
Ji An was right.
He works near here.
What a relief.
I'm so relieved.
If I want to buy this chair...
for five dollars, will you sell it to me?
Of course.
A college senior who studied furniture made it.
It's one of a kind.
Then why would you sell it for five dollars?
Because he made it hoping it'll be used by someone.
The delivery service is not included though.
- All right. See you. - Thank you.
Hee, you saw what I just did.
Is it hard for you?
No.
She just kept quibbling over every little detail.
I know. But it's not hard to say things I just said.
I know.
It doesn't seem hard when you say that.
But why is it so hard for me?
Hee. We started this cafe...
because you said you could run a cafe.
You can't call me like this over little things.
I'm a businessman.
I have a plan. I need to take a shower and change.
But I used up all my time.
I'm sorry.
Why are you still afraid of people?
It's been a long time.
Well...
Can I do the kitchen work...
and hire someone to serve customers?
There you go again.
You'll do this alone until the break-even point.
You said you could do it, right?
Yes, I did.
Okay. I'll do this alone.
You'll be late. You should go now.
I'm sorry.
You don't need to run under this heat.
I don't want you to wait.
You're only five minutes late.
I told you to wait in a cafe. Why are you here?
Because we should go somewhere.
Where?
Cheers!
I feel better now.
You could've drunk beer in a cafe.
Why would I? I can drink four cans of beer...
on an open-air terrace with only 10 dollars.
You're so frugal, Ji An.
I know I'm stingy.
You've never lived as a job seeker, right?
What do you know?
Your friend is a businessman. Use him.
If I ask you for help, it won't be a one-off.
Once it becomes habitual, I won't survive on my own.
I owed you big time already.
By the way,
what made you want to drink beer so badly?
Hyuk.
Have you ever imagined...
that your parents are not your biological parents?
Why would I imagine that?
When your parents give you a good scare,
when you feel treated unfairly by your parents,
or when you hear the news about a missing child...
There's more.
A paternity test is very common these days.
Couples get divorced after the paternity test.
Then the child will have a new father.
Have you thought about that before?
People are so obsessed with blood relationship.
I think that's ridiculous.
To become a real family, you must live with them.
Then what if...
you were a son of super-rich parents?
What would you do then?
A daytime drink makes you become hammered.
You became so imaginative only after a can of beer.
- Would you leave? - No, I wouldn't.
Why not?
Let me put it this way.
What if your birth parents are not rich?
What if they are much poorer than your parents?
Would you still leave your parents?
No, I wouldn't.
So you're leaving your parents for money.
If you choose someone for money,
how could you call them your parents?
- I can't do that. - I know.
Bingo.
Let's make a toast for my family.
Cheers!
Tae Soo.
Let's eat out tonight.
I heard there's a famous restaurant in Daejeon.
Everyone wants to go there.
I can get a free meal here.
Why would I waste my money for dinner?
Gosh, all you need to spend is just 20 dollars.
They are all the same once they are in my stomach.
They only stay in my mouth for 10 seconds.
I won't eat beef for the sake of 10 seconds.
They are all the same once they are in my stomach.
They only stay in my mouth for 10 seconds.
I won't waste 20 dollars for the 10 seconds.
Don't be like that, Tae Soo.
Gosh.
No one will appreciate you...
even if you try so hard to save money.
My family,
my kids will appreciate it.
I've arrived.
(Our fourth anniversary)
I know you will just take me to a concert, Ji Tae.
Ma'am.
Yes. Ma'am, do you know...
where the B-boy theater is?
Hey, you don't need to call me ma'am.
- Oh, okay. - She's like my mom's age.
By the way, do you know...
I don't know.
You saw me when I called you ma'am.
You're old enough to be called ma'am.
- Hey, come here. - She's an old lady.
- What did you just say? - Ma'am.
- Hey, come here! - An old lady!
Gosh, what was that?
That's the problem with kids today.
They're so rude.
I'm sorry. I dozed off.
Dozed off? Where?
At home.
Come over to my place. I don't feel like going out.
Why would I go to your house?
Don't you know what day it is today?
(Don't you know what day it is today?)
(Don't you know...)
Soo A, what's the occasion?
Why are you dressed up like that?
Where's he?
He's sleeping in his room.
I'll have soda with ice.
Okay.
Hey, Seo Ji Tae!
You thought we were going to a concert, right?
That's why you're so dressed up.
What are you talking about?
A comic book cafe on our fourth anniversary?
All you have is this tiny little cake.
I'm not so naive to think that...
you'll take me to the concert.
Your perfume is all over the place.
Just sit up.
That's not cool at all.
Why not?
I have a surprise for you.
This is a comic book cafe that we literally live in.
How could you call this tiny cake a surprise?
You don't know what a surprise is.
And why is it so ugly?
Even though it looks ugly, it tastes good.
It has a lot of cheese, butter, and fresh cream...
just the way you like it.
Did you make it yourself?
I took the afternoon off.
Why didn't you tell me that sooner?
Don't be moved.
You feel moved and touched so easily.
That's boring.
I'm fed up with that.
What's that?
Is it a cosmetic cooler?
Your roommate uses your cosmetics in the fridge.
Did I tell you about that?
- When? - I don't know.
I don't remember when, where, or how I heard it,
but I'm fed up with the story.
Gosh, come here.
Ji Tae.
You thought I'd be like this, right?
Yes!
Oh my gosh.
This is so cute.
Don't act like a middle-aged lady.
Ji Tae.
Do I look old?
Some teenagers called me ma'am earlier today.
You're a middle-aged lady to teenagers.
You're 33 years old now.
Gosh, I'm serious.
Do you really think I look old?
Why would you ask me that?
You don't need to.
If I look old even to you,
you won't marry me.
I know.
You should've gotten married four years ago.
Seriously! Are you saying I'm old?
Are you tired of the single life?
Tell me when you want to get married.
- I'll let you go. - Don't be so gracious.
I'll get married even if you don't let me.
Whenever I want.
Me too.
Why did you make a cake?
We agreed not to celebrate anniversaries.
I shouldn't have baked it, right?
I thought that as I was making it.
Don't celebrate an anniversary...
with no future.
That's our motto.
I knew you'd tell me off.
And you still made a cake?
When we first started dating,
we both believed we wouldn't last three years.
And now,
four years have passed.
It felt strange, so I made a cake.
Just for fun.
Here.
Let's blow it out.
Soo A, why'd you blow it out on your own?
Let's not last another year.
It we put it out together, it becomes a celebration.
That's not like us.
(Wife)
Hello, honey.
Hi, it's me. How are things at home?
We're fine.
How is Ji An?
She isn't home yet.
Is everything all right with Ji An?
Why do you always ask what our kids...
have been up to whenever you call?
Don't you know?
They struggle to get through each day.
What's the point in asking how their day's been?
What can you do if they are not well?
Why do you sound so upset?
Has something happened?
It's because I feel sorry for you.
Our kids grew up and lead their own lives now,
and you're the only one who doesn't seem to know.
You're the only one who really cares for me.
I need to go. The soup's boiling over.
Get your ID cards ready.
Get changed quickly.
A huge group came in.
That means we won't get many tips today.
My pay will be it.
Are you starting to care more about the tips?
I'm Seo Ji Ho, and I'm mad for money.
- Got that? - Get ready then.
You can serve the rich-looking ones.
(0.1 million)
0.1 million. Let's get it.
Come on in.
This table's just for you.
I'm 0.1 million.
Here are your drinks.
Just because you're handsome.
Thank you. Thank you.
Who's that? A celebrity?
Her? That's Cinderella.
Cinderella?
She disappears when it turns midnight.
She's quite famous.
Does she come here alone to dance?
Once or twice a month. No hooking up with men.
She's utterly mysterious.
Utterly mysterious?
She won't give any tips then.
Did you call to say I'm still practicing?
- Yes. - Did she buy it?
- Yes. - Are you sure?
Yes.
Is that all you have to say to me?
Why?
I'll start the car.
Mom.
- I practiced until... - Go to your room.
(Premium Good Exhibition)
Goodbye.
Welcome.
Where's Ferragamo?
Right over here, ma'am.
Over there. Thank you.
(Victim)
What is wrong with this guy?
(Silent mode)
Welcome.
The recipient rejected the call.
I thought the expression, "hopping mad",
was an expression used by vulgar people.
But this was exactly what they meant.
At times like this.
Oh, sorry.
Secretary Yoo.
Must you do this now too?
- What? - Look.
Why are our lunches different?
How many times...
must I tell you to get the same thing?
When you eat with me,
we are equals, no discrimination.
Did I ever make you eat something else...
when we ate together?
No, sir.
Then why are you discriminating yourself?
I apologize.
I had some rice cakes that Mr. Song handed around.
I wasn't that hungry, so I got a smaller lunchbox.
- Is that it? - Yes.
- Is that all? - Yes.
So that's it.
Eat up.
I feel almost dizzy.
I think she doesn't want your money.
That's exactly it.
Why is she ignoring my calls and texts?
Is she up to something?
She must've found out who I am at the event.
- Did she call the press? - No.
Without even knowing what I want to do for her?
I was going to absolve all her debt.
I just don't know what to do with her.
You should eat first, and think about it later.
(Calling)
(Assailant)
I'll do both.
Okay.
Let's see who wins.
Everything's in your trunk. Goodbye.
(Victim)
(57 missed calls)
She texted back.
Why do you keep calling?
I told you to send your account details.
I can't give out personal information to anyone.
Let's do this in person.
Forget it. Send your bank details.
If you contact me again, I will make you pay.
I'll sue you for stalking.
She'll sue me?
Hey. Secretary Yoo.
Ask Lawyer Jung if calling someone too often...
can be sued for stalking.
Oh dear.
Here's your shopping.
My daughter parked the car.
Load it up, and wait.
I'll drop by the ladies' room.
Yes, ma'am.
- Ji Ho, Ji Ho. - Yes?
Get 10 pairs each of 2025, 1017, and 1003.
- 10 each? - Yes.
- Okay, I won't be long. - Right. Make it quick.
Would you mind moving your car, ma'am?
My daughter won't be long.
I need to put these in someone's car.
And you aren't allowed to park here.
I can't drive.
Walk around the car, lady.
Okay, ma'am.
What a nitwit.
Hey.
Stop right there.
What did you just say?
"Nitwit"? Is that what you said?
No, I wasn't talking about you.
I know you were.
I heard it very clearly.
That's not it.
This stalker guy has been calling me nonstop.
I was mumbling about him.
I was talking about him when I said nitwit.
Then let's see your phone.
"When will you be home? Let's talk. Mom."
You're ill-mannered, and you lie too.
You didn't even bat an eyelid when you lied.
I didn't know it was my mom.
I really wasn't talking about you.
How dare you mock me?
Do you know who I am?
What is the matter, ma'am?
What's wrong, Mom?
She called me a nitwit because my car...
was in her way.
She said, "What a nitwit."
Then she says that she wasn't talking to me.
Hey.
What's going on?
Get on your knees.
I apologize.
You keep saying sorry, but you don't mean it.
We spent 10,000 dollars here today.
I apologize, ma'am.
Get on your knees.
Is that it?
Have you forgotten why you're kneeling?
I'm sorry.
It depends on who's in the wrong.
Isn't that too much?
Why did they make her kneel?
- Isn't that harsh? - That's too much.
- Whose fault is it? - That's horrid.
Let's go.
That's too harsh.
I heard what happened in the parking lot.
You're fired.
How could you fire me like that?
I apologized on my knees.
It was the VIP's demand. If I don't fire you,
I'll lose my job.
You should've knelt when she first told you to.
Why make her so angry...
if you were going to kneel anyway?
You'd done this kind of work many times before.
What a mess.
My address?
Why do you want my address?
To talk things over with your sister in person.
Really?
My back hurts.
Are you avoiding me as soon as you see me?
I won't bite, so relax.
- Why are you here? - To see you.
I wanted to, but you refused.
How do you know I live here?
I have a way of finding things out.
Why are you doing this to me?
Why?
If you don't want to give me your bank details,
give me your secretary's.
Will you calm down?
How can I calm down?
Tell me how you tracked me down.
Before I call the police.
I can't tell you because I promised my source.
Well, I'm here to apologize.
To apologize and explain.
Explain what? Apologize for what?
I apologize for not paying you in Yangpyeong...
and for not taking your calls.
That was wrong of me.
Something urgent came up.
I was flustered and left my phone...
All right. How much do I owe you?
Hey.
I took the time to come here...
to apologize and explain...
I get that, so how much do I owe you?
How much was my pay?
Tell me that, and leave.
I'll subtract that from the 5,000...
and wire the rest to your secretary.
Is that how you accept an apology?
Because I don't want your apology.
Why don't you want my apology?
You forced me to take a taxi to Yangpyeong...
and made me wait when I couldn't get a taxi back.
You ignored all my desperate calls.
I'm trying to explain what happened.
Must I listen if you want to explain,
accept the fact that you don't like seeing me,
be ignored if you have urgent business,
and walk for two hours in the rain?
- Is that what I am? - Yes, that.
Why walk for hours if you don't have cash?
- Use your credit card. - I have no credit card.
You act so righteous for someone who didn't keep...
the three-day deadline.
Because I did my best.
It's not for you to decide whether you did your best.
I let you off.
You have an enormous ego.
Pay me in full, then.
What?
How dare you act like you owe me only 5,000 dollars?
You owe me 20,700 dollars,
and I gave you 15,700 dollars off.
In cash?
It'll cost 20,000 to 30,000 dollars.
Did it amount to 20,700 dollars?
You pleaded saying 5,000 was all you had.
Was that really you?
I was told not to show pity because...
people take favors for granted.
I forgot.
You were polite when I said you owed me 20,000.
But now that it's 5,000, you're so haughty.
I take it all back.
I want the 20,000 dollars.
If you're going to be arrogant, pay first.
Isn't that fair?
Isn't it?
There's no need to shiver.
I won't take that money.
I told you to wait that day...
to say your day's work...
- was worth your debt. - Are you kidding me?
You could've texted me to say that was your plan.
You're really helpless.
- Are you a beggar? - What?
Do you think rich people are frivolous?
No one spends money without a reason or cause.
Should we do this over the phone...
without so much as a decent thank you?
I apologize.
Your humble self is back,
now that the debt is back down to 5,000.
I'll pay 5,000 back.
No. Don't you dare.
I don't want to see you when you ruin my mood...
more and more each time.
I will give you the 5,000.
Stop putting on a show...
if you won't pay the full 20,700 dollars.
Wait.
Wait. Wait.
You're really helpless.
Are you a beggar?
Is being servile ingrained in you now?
You were let go. How can you say yes right away...
when being asked to make coffee?
Why make her so angry...
if you were going to kneel anyway?
But Mom said I should study to not be like you.
What if your bosses tell you to wipe their bottoms?
Would you do it?
Do you want to ask me to return your position now?
Stop putting on a show...
if you won't pay the full 20,700 dollars.
It's so late.
(Eun Seok)
Hello?
This is...
Seo Ji An.
Eun Seok?
I called to ask for a favor.
Tell me whatever it is you want.
Could you...
lend me 20,000 dollars?
Ji Soo, Ji Ho, breakfast is ready.
Why is the table unusually full these days?
Let's eat.
Mom, are you spending all we have?
Why do we have meat for every breakfast?
Eat up.
Why are you so nice to her?
He seems suspicious, right?
I feel sorry.
You should feel grateful, not sorry.
I feel sorry for you too.
And for Ji Soo.
And you too, Mom.
I'll move in with that family.
With what family?
What are you talking about?
I'll go to my real parents.
Subtitle ripped and resynced by redixion
(My Golden Life)
Is she really not my sister?
How are we not twins?
Are we Romeo and Juliet?
We never get a full day together.
I'm the person who owes you 20,700 dollars.
I'll hang up...
and block you.
Aren't you a member of N-Gaon?
Are you blackmailing me?
How do you want the 20,700 dollars?
I did something terrible.
What... What did you say?
Ji An said she'd go!
She didn't know.
- She's coming? - Eun Seok's coming back?